doing I think I'm doing pretty well I
feel confident myself and I love Miami
working hard and just doing the best I
can I think you're the only true punter
on the roster right a scholarship yeah
I'm the only one on scholarship we have
another guy that's strictly partner he's
a walking so so how are the other two
kickers we going to whiteclaw and Matt
how are they looking at hunters they we
all the coaches want us to do everything
so everyone throughout practice we're
told what we want to what they want us
to do first as he told me I want to be
putting first obviously and then
kickoffs and then fill goals and they
tell you know Gudas and wife all the
same thing and we'll work on field goals
kickoffs and then punny so I'll just
make sure we can back each other what's
important to you what are you working on
important to me of punning joining funny
farms nope but as far as punting goes
hang time oh hang time Hank times bigs I
feel it's big especially at this level
so I want to make sure I hit every hit
that I get consistent at a 45 or above
for about 40 45 yards I mean do you
expect to be the starting punter is that
sort of how you look my right now I I'm
just out here competing doing the best I
can so yeah of course everyone wants to
be the starting guy and that's that's my
goal
what made you want to come down here to
UM everything the apps are doing a lot
of you know reading about him and
finding out what you know everything's
about it's about legacy to me and I feel
that these coaches definitely can get it
done and I respect coach golden as my
head coach and I really I'm really
excited about this year coach has said I
guess he's going to chart every day for
you guys and what's it like when you
know that's going to be happening coming
out here every day that's that's big
time to me because I've never had you
know someone chart my own stuff for me
and I've always had to do my own things
so it's actually really nice having
someone someone chart your stuff for you
be able to film you go in there and
watch your own film you know patike
yourself and see what you're doing wrong
to make yourself better so I really like
that kind of keep you on your toes every
day to try to yeah that way it makes me
focus a lot more than just go out there
just kind of you know mess around oh my
god just hit a couple balls you know you
have people out here that are watching
you and doing stuff timing you and
everything so it makes you focus a lot
more and makes you on your toes what
what have they told you guys as far as
when they might make a decision on
kicking and bloody oh I'm not I'm not
too sure about that I'm just camp going
through camp in just doing it the best I
can do when they're starting